README.md, before:

# Dentifycare Mobile App

<img src="https://github.com/Dentifycare/Dentifycare-Android/blob/master/icon-app.png?raw=true" alt="App Icon" width="300"/>

## Introduction
Welcome to Dentifycare, a mobile application designed to assist both dental assistants and the general public.

## About the Project
Tambahkan teks disini.

## Mobile Tech Stack
The Dentifycare mobile app is built using the following technologies:

- **Android Studio**: The official IDE for Android app development.
- **Kotlin Programming Language**: A modern programming language for developing Android apps.
- **Jetpack Libraries**: A set of libraries that provide essential Android app components, such as lifecycle management, navigation, UI elements, and data management, making development easier and more efficient.
- **CircleImageView**: A library for displaying circular images in the app.
- **Image Orientation Handling**: A feature that ensures images are displayed correctly by automatically adjusting their orientation based on metadata.
- **Glide**: A powerful image loading and caching library for displaying images in the app.
- **Retrofit**: A type-safe HTTP client for making network requests with `converter.gson` for JSON serialization and deserialization, and `logging.interceptor` for logging HTTP request/response details.

## API Mobile Documentation
For detailed information about the Dentifycare API, please refer to the following documentation: [API Mobile Documentation](link-to-detailed-api-doc).

## Project Installation Guide
To install and run the Dentifycare mobile app on your local machine, follow the steps below:

1. **Clone the project repository from GitHub:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Dentifycare/Dentifycare-Android.git

2. **Open the project in Android Studio:**
- Open Android Studio and select "Open an existing project."
- Navigate to the folder where you cloned the repository and select it.

3. **Build and run the app on an emulator or physical device:**
Click the "Run" button in Android Studio to build and run the app.

## UI Design
To view the user interface design for Dentifycare, please visit the following Figma link:  
[View UI Design on Figma](https://www.figma.com/design/M0OmDVNrtyiXCEr3qDBVgu/Dentifycare---For-Bangkit-App?node-id=0-1&t=zyYE8Wz9fJQawZL2-1)

Commit message:

update compatibility and permission info app

README.md, after:

# Dentifycare Mobile App

<img src="https://github.com/Dentifycare/Dentifycare-Android/blob/master/icon-app.png?raw=true" alt="App Icon" width="300"/>

## Introduction
Welcome to Dentifycare, a mobile application designed to assist both dental assistants and the general public.

## About the Project
Tambahkan teks disini.

## Mobile Tech Stack
The Dentifycare mobile app is built using the following technologies:

- **Android Studio**: The official IDE for Android app development.
- **Kotlin Programming Language**: A modern programming language for developing Android apps.
- **Jetpack Libraries**: A set of libraries that provide essential Android app components, such as lifecycle management, navigation, UI elements, and data management, making development easier and more efficient.
- **CircleImageView**: A library for displaying circular images in the app.
- **Image Orientation Handling**: A feature that ensures images are displayed correctly by automatically adjusting their orientation based on metadata.
- **Glide**: A powerful image loading and caching library for displaying images in the app.
- **Retrofit**: A type-safe HTTP client for making network requests with `converter.gson` for JSON serialization and deserialization, and `logging.interceptor` for logging HTTP request/response details.

## Compatibility
The Dentifycare app supports devices with the following Android versions:

- **Minimum SDK/API Level**: 24 (Codename: Nougat)
- **Maximum SDK/API Level**: 34 (Codename: Upside Down Cake)

## Permissions
This app requires access to the following features and data:

- **Wi-Fi Connection Information**: For accessing the internet.
- **Photos/Media/Files**: To upload and display media content.
- **Camera**: For capturing images directly within the app.
- **Location**: For location-based features (if applicable).
- **Storage**: For saving and retrieving files locally.

## API Mobile Documentation
For detailed information about the Dentifycare API, please refer to the following documentation: [API Mobile Documentation](link-to-detailed-api-doc).

## Project Installation Guide
To install and run the Dentifycare mobile app on your local machine, follow the steps below:

1. **Clone the project repository from GitHub:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Dentifycare/Dentifycare-Android.git

2. **Open the project in Android Studio:**
- Open Android Studio and select "Open an existing project."
- Navigate to the folder where you cloned the repository and select it.

3. **Build and run the app on an emulator or physical device:**
Click the "Run" button in Android Studio to build and run the app.

## UI Design
To view the user interface design for Dentifycare, please visit the following Figma link:  
[View UI Design on Figma](https://www.figma.com/design/M0OmDVNrtyiXCEr3qDBVgu/Dentifycare---For-Bangkit-App?node-id=0-1&t=zyYE8Wz9fJQawZL2-1)
